Update modules docs (#163)
hofstadter-io/hof: docs/content/getting-started/modules.md

cue {{<cue-version>}}

require (
    github.com/hofstadter-io/hof {{<hof-version>}}
)
{{</codeInner>}}

### Replace for local development

You can use `hof mod` to manage CUE or Hof modules and dependencies generally.
In addition to setting, fetching, and validating dependencies,
you can use `hof mod` to set up local development when working
with multiple CUE or Hof modules.

> Use the' replace' directive in your `cue.mods` file just like you would in Go.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `replace` directive in your `cue.mods` file just like you would in Go.
```
